Yanshao
Wrong. Wrong?
I shouldn't have said you're not like a man
Of course you are a man
Super awesome
I don't need you to verify whether I am a man or not.
Then why did what you just said provoke you?
Yanshao
Do you mind if I'm married?
Fu Tingchuan and I have signed a divorce agreement
If you respond to the diaphragm
I will go to the Civil Affairs Bureau with him tomorrow to file for divorce
What does it have to do with me whether you get divorced or not?
OK, then it doesn't matter to you.
Then I won't get a divorce
I see how long you can be stubborn
Miss Qu's wound has been re-medicated and bandaged
Please be careful not to touch the cold water again.
Thanks.
How is my inspection report?